# SellAccountV1.SetFulfillmentPolicyResponse

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**categoryTypes** | [**[CategoryType]**](CategoryType.md) | This container indicates whether the fulfillment business policy applies to motor vehicle listings, or if it applies to non-motor vehicle listings. | [optional] 
**description** | **String** | A seller-defined description of the fulfillment policy. This description is only for the seller&#39;s use, and is not exposed on any eBay pages. This field is returned if set for the policy. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Max length&lt;/b&gt;: 250 | [optional] 
**freightShipping** | **Boolean** | If returned as &lt;code&gt;true&lt;/code&gt;, the seller offers freight shipping. Freight shipping can be used for large items over 150 lbs. | [optional] 
**fulfillmentPolicyId** | **String** | A unique eBay-assigned ID for a fulfillment business policy. This ID is generated when the policy is created. | [optional] 
**globalShipping** | **Boolean** | &lt;span class&#x3D;\&quot;tablenote\&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note&lt;/b&gt;: This field is only applicable for the eBay United Kingdom marketplace (&lt;code&gt;EBAY_GB&lt;/code&gt;).&lt;/span&gt;&lt;br&gt;This field is included and set to &lt;code&gt;true&lt;/code&gt; if the seller wants to use the Global Shipping Program for international shipments. See the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://pages.ebay.com/help/sell/shipping-globally.html \&quot;&gt;Global Shipping Program&lt;/a&gt; help topic for more details and requirements on the Global Shipping Program.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;A seller can use a combination of the Global Shipping Program and other international shipping services. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;If set to &lt;code&gt;false&lt;/code&gt; or if the field is omitted, the seller has to manually specifying individual international shipping services (if the seller ships internationally), as described in &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/static/seller-accounts/ht_shipping-worldwide.html \&quot;&gt;Setting up worldwide shipping&lt;/a&gt;. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;Sellers opt in or out of the Global Shipping Program through the Shipping preferences in My eBay.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;eBay International Shipping is an account level setting; no field needs to be set in a Fulfillment business policy to enable eBay International Shipping. If a US seller&#39;s account is opted in to eBay International Shipping, this shipping option will be enabled automatically for all listings where international shipping is available. A US seller who is opted in to eBay International Shipping can also specify individual international shipping service options for a Fulfillment business policy.&lt;/span&gt; | [optional] 
**handlingTime** | [**TimeDuration**](TimeDuration.md) |  | [optional] 
**localPickup** | **Boolean** | If returned as &lt;code&gt;true&lt;/code&gt;, local pickup is available for items using this policy. | [optional] 
**marketplaceId** | **String** | The ID of the eBay marketplace to which this fulfillment business policy applies. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/account/types/ba:MarketplaceIdEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**name** | **String** | A seller-defined name for this fulfillment business policy. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Max length&lt;/b&gt;: 64 | [optional] 
**pickupDropOff** | **Boolean** | If returned as &lt;code&gt;true&lt;/code&gt;, the seller offers the \&quot;Click and Collect\&quot; option. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;Currently, \&quot;Click and Collect\&quot; is available only to large retail merchants the eBay AU, UK, DE, FR, and IT marketplaces. | [optional] 
**shippingOptions** | [**[ShippingOption]**](ShippingOption.md) | This array is used to provide detailed information on the domestic and international shipping options available for the policy. A separate &lt;b&gt;ShippingOption&lt;/b&gt; object covers domestic shipping service options and international shipping service options (if the seller ships to international locations). &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;The &lt;b&gt;optionType&lt;/b&gt; field indicates whether the &lt;b&gt;ShippingOption&lt;/b&gt; object applies to domestic or international shipping, and the &lt;b&gt;costType&lt;/b&gt; field indicates whether flat-rate shipping or calculated shipping will be used. &lt;p&gt;A separate &lt;b&gt;ShippingServices&lt;/b&gt; object is used to specify cost and other details for every available domestic and international shipping service option. &lt;/p&gt; | [optional] 
**shipToLocations** | [**RegionSet**](RegionSet.md) |  | [optional] 
**warnings** | [**[Error]**](Error.md) | An array of one or more errors or warnings that were generated during the processing of the request. If there were no issues with the request, this array will return empty. | [optional] 


